README.md, before:

# README

## Requirements

To fully make use of this, `ROOT` Python bindings are required since at the moment, only the `ROOT`
backend is implemented for actual plotting.

## Setup

Set up via
```bash
pip install -e .
```

As usual, it is recommended to do so inside a Python `virtualenv` since this package is not official (yet).

**Note** that during the setup there would be no warning on whether or not `ROOT` is installed on your system.

## Additional setup for testing

In order to test the code and check the style, `pytest` and `pylint` have to be installed. This can be done via
```bash
pip install -e .[test]
```

### Checking the coding style

**NOTE** This is not enforced at the moment and there might still be places where a review is needed.

However, in case you want to implement new code, please make sure that at least the new implementation complies with what `pylint` tells you. To check individual files please run
```bash
pylint path/to/file
```
from somewhere in the repository.

### Test the new implementations

The basic functionality of the code can be checked by running
```bash
ci/run-tests.sh --tests pytest
```
If that fails, most likely your developments broke something. Please make sure that these tests pass before you open a PR.

## Examples

You can immediately jump into the [examples](./examples) and have a look. If you want further technical explanations, just keep reading.

Commit message:

Major update
* read only from disk if any plot with this object is built

* add automatic generation of configuration (sources) and optionally
  plots
  * --single one plot per source
  * --overlay attempt to overlay plots if possible

* add Config class to encapsulate configuration

README.md, after:

# README

## Requirements

To fully make use of this, `ROOT` Python bindings are required since at the moment, only the `ROOT`
backend is implemented for actual plotting.

## Setup

Set up via
```bash
pip install -e .
```

As usual, it is recommended to do so inside a Python `virtualenv` since this package is not official (yet).

**Note** that during the setup there would be no warning on whether or not `ROOT` is installed on your system.

## Quick start
If you have a ROOT file where there is at least one 1d-histogram inside, do
```bash
python <path/to>/FastPlotting/fast_plotting/run.py configure -f <file.root> -l <someLabel> --single
```
The `--single` makes sure that one plot per histogram is configured. Now, there should be a file called `config.json`. It has 2 top keys which are `sources` and `plots`. Just go to the second one and find a plot you want to enable. Set the field `"enable": true`, save and close the file. Now run
```bash
python <path/to>/FastPlotting/fast_plotting/run.py plot config.json
```
and there should be a plot saved to disk.

Now, if you have a second (or more) ROOT file(s) that has the same internal structure, but somehow different version(s), you can do
```bash
python <path/to>/FastPlotting/fast_plotting/run.py configure -f <file_1.root> <file_2.root> ... <file_N.root> -l <someLabel_1>  <someLabel_2> ... <someLabel_N> --overlay
```
Now enable the ones you want to have plotted again and run
```bash
python <path/to>/FastPlotting/fast_plotting/run.py plot config.json
```
